Over Flow And Throw

Chapter 1: Power

Inside a dim room in palace, a beauty with snow-white skin, lying prone on the floor, where remnant of warmth from sunlight stay and fade. Her body is covered in big and small wounds, bleeding profusely, and slowly, draining away her soul. 
There’s a glimmer of relief in her eyes, as her breathing gets lighter and lighter, until ceased.

Upon the golden hall of palace, ministers are wordlessly watching a courtier pleading in howl, get dragged out by the guards at the door. 
"So Dear Courts of all, any other issue to report?" asked the emperor sitting on the Loong's Throne in a cold tone.
The hall remains silent that even a needle dropped can be heard. 
"Nothing, then the court is dismissed," he said, as he swept his sleeve and left.
All courtiers knelt down to the floor. Once the emperor is gone, they gather in their own groups right away, chatting with laughter and leaving together.

Rumor has it that the Emperor of Great Yao Dynasty, Chu Han, indulges in beauty.
People fear his cruelty. Courtiers grumble his incompetence.
And the women in his harem, are the most pitiful of all.

The clear sky in summer suddenly become so dark and ghastly, that the gray and black in the air seem to congeal. Then comes a loud thunder, and the Yin-air around all get drawn into a dark swirl. The sky starts pouring, and blurring everything behind the curtain of rain. 
As another huge thunder exploded in ears, the silent room in palace abruptly blast with echos of women’s giggling, cursing, crying in sadness, and screaming in pain, awaken the beauty lying on the floor.
Her eyelashes slightly flutter like the wings of butterflies. She slowly opens her eyes, revealing pupils glittering as pure black agate.

In the evening seven days later,  the Palace of Diligent Governance is still ablaze with lights. Chu Han fretfully hurls the folded-report in hand to the ground, can’t wait to chop off the head of the person who wrote this. 
Wang Eunuch standing beside him, silently picks up the report and places it back on the desk. 
Chu Han pushes aside the mountain of folded-reports in front of him and stands up, says, "Off to harem."

At the Royal Garden’s Lake Center Pavilion, there sits a beauty, staring still at the willow trees by the lake. 
Haven’t seen her for just a few days, she now looks like she has sucked out the vitality of people in the whole world, as the moonlight shine on her porcelain-white skin, like a glamorous spirit.
"Xue Niaoer, she didn't die?" Chu Han's eyes flashed with interest. 
After enduring such tortures but still dare to show up and seduce him, she is the first one.
Chu Han strides forward. With one hand, he grabs Xue Gui-Ren's wrist that’s too limber as like there’s no bones in it. 
"Huang Shang," she exclaims in surprised, while Chu Han pulls her towards the Chamber Palace.
Soon after, She is been brutely thrown onto the bed, as the door of the palace closed with a heavy thud.

Next day, Chu Han got up with well-refreshed mind, swept aside Xue Niaoer with wounds all over her body, and walked briskly to the Court Hall.
For the next half month, most of the nights Xue Niaoer was picked to attend in chamber.
The harem also had a moment of tranquility till the news of Huang Jie-Yu’s miscarriage spread out in the palaces.
All concubines are summoned to the Queen-Mother’s Longevity Health Palace whilst Queen-Mother scraping away the tea leaves floating on the surface of the tea with a lid, leaf by leaf, thinking of things, hasn’t taken a sip even when the tea went cold.
She recalls the frequent occurrence of miscarriage incidents over the past few years. The emperor seems to know something, but still continue to connive the infighting among concubines.
Previously, she hadn’t been able to intervene since she couldn't find any evidence. But this time, she finally caught the opportunity to use it as an example to deter these monkeys by killing the chicken who broke the rules.
After everyone arrived, Queen-Mother begins to speak in a sense that’s not too tight, nor too slow, "Wu Xian-Fei, do you know, plotting against the royal heir, is a huge offense."
Trace of fear flashed through Wu Xian-Fei 's face. She stands up in panic and walks towards the front of the Queen-Mother, facing her and kneels down, "Chen Qie is being wronged. I'm here to plead Queen-Mother to investigate this further."
Queen-Mother raises her hand to gesticulate the palace servants to present the evidence one by one, "These were all found in your palace. How dare you quibble to prove your innocent? Men, come over, and take Wu to the Cold Palace and vouchsafe her a white silk for her to hang."
"Mother Lord, what a teeming scene you’re having here," Chu Han's voice comes outside the door, broken the tense atmosphere inside the palace hall.
Queen-Mother darken her face, "Bi Xia got so much to govern for the country daily, how come Bi Xia think of visiting Ai Jia?"
"Zhen felt a bit tired, came here to relax," Chu Han went straight to the uppermost seat and took a sip of tea, "Mother Lord, don't keep things to yourself that’ll get you sick, if there’s anything, you can tell Zhen." 
"Wu mixed abortion herbs in Huang Jie-Yu's incense, which caused her miscarriage. According to the law, she should be executed, along with her entire family."
"Mother Lord, that sounds not right. You see, there are not much concubines in the harem already, yet the concubine selection is still half year away. Losing them both at once, Zhen don’t know how Zhen can deal with this."
"Bi Xia, Wu has plotted against the royal heir, she cannot be spared."

The emperor has acceded the throne for five years and yet to produce an heir. Does he really think, that he and I can act as a kind mom and a good son for life?

"What if Xian-Fei can conceive within this year, as an atonement, then Mother Lord can spare her misdeed, how about that?"
"How can Ai Jia let such chores in harem bothering Bi Xia, Bi Xia could just leave it to Ai Jia, let Ai Jia..."
Chu Han interruptted her directly, and warned her, "Mother Lord, don't forget, this is Zhen’s harem."
Queen-Mother is frightened by Chu Han's terrifying gaze, and dare not speak for more, "Will do as Bi Xia wishes."
Chu Han is very satisfied with this answer. He immediately calls out Xian-Fei, to be the one who will attend him tonight.

Source Repo: https://github.com/y-in-gb/open-fiction-access-token/tree/main

Chapter 2: Harem

Why would Bi Xia made such a contradictory decision?
With this question in her head, Xue Niaoer walking in confused, following her personal maidservant Xiao He back to the Jade Snow Palace.
As soon as Xiao He entered the palace, she furtively pulls Xue Niaoer into the bedroom, making sure no one noticed their moves, then closed the door and windows.
"Niang Niang," Xiao He lowers her tone that pitched too high by her excitement, "You had missed your monthly cycle for over half of a month, may be, " her face is filled with joy she cannot hide, "it’s due to pregnancy." 
"For sure?" Xue Niaoer immediately threw away all doubts in her head.
Xiao He looking at Xue Niaoer’s smiling face, couldn't help, feeling a twinge of sour and bitter emotion from the top of her heart.

At the time when Xue Niaoer was decided to be sent to the Palaces, she was only at the age of two-eight.
And because of her pure Yin eight-word-destiny, she is seen as the cause of misfortune ever since she was born, and nearly been drowned as an infant. 
Her life, was saved by her concubine mother, who pled and beg for keeping her alive.
Growing up, she lived a life of caution and lowliness. Even when she was bullied or neglected, she would only confide and cry in front of Xiao He, the only other person who does not despise her in this world.
Because she is always the "wrong", "unpropitious" one.
Now she became a tribute for the emperor, more precisely, a stake that’s put on an open game.
Everyone know how cruel the emperor is. Every year, most of the newly selected concubines failed to survive their first year.
If she won, her entire family will prosper. If she lost, only her life will be taken.
Although Xue Niaoer knew the risks of this path, she had no choice. 
So she decided to smash that pottery that's already broken, worse or worst, makes no difference to her anymore, hence she want to use it to make a deal with her father.
To take good care of her mother, release Xiao He to walk out as a freeman, to let her marry someone.
The rules of her family, filial piety, and women virtues are all out, taking their turns to oppress and punish her.
Xiao He would never forget that day.
When Xue Niaoer was gripping a sharp silver hairstick to her neck with  trembling hand, firmly, pointing the tip to the pulse in her neck, to gamble with her own life, "If either way is death, wouldn’t it be better if Niaoer just end myself right now," her lips curled into a wry smile, "By the way, Father, if you plan to find an adopted daughter at this time I’m afraid, it’ll probably be too late. Haha, why don't you just let sister go on herself."
She won the bet. For once in her life, to let herself fight like nothing can stop her, had made her life worth.
After that, Xiao He imitated her fight and used it against her as well. Xue Niaoer didn’t know what to do with her, ended up bringing Xiao He along as the dowry maidservant, and went into the Royal Palaces together.
"Remember, if something happened to me, just get all the jewelries and money, then leave the Palaces before I die. Are you clear with the spot we put the jewelries? Hide them yourself once we get into palace... Hey! Are you listening?"
"Faugh, Faugh, , , , Faugh!"

Ever since Xue Niaoer woke up from that coma when she was severely injured, Xiao He found her change, like she has become another person.
At first, Xiao He had suspected, but apart from being more clingy to her, Xue Niaoer remembers everything she should have remembered. Comparing to the old days, she becomes more spirited, and even claiming to conceive a loong heir for the emperor. 
Well, perhaps in this way, she wouldn't be as tormented as before.

Xiao He blinked her eyes, concealing the bitterness in her memories, and holds Xue Niaoer's hands, "Yes, Niang Niang may have gotten pregnant."
Xue Niaoer cheerfully bounces up from the noble consort couch, and enfolds Xiao He's waist to spin her around for rounds and rounds. 
"Niang Niang, be careful with your body," Xiao He still feel a bit dizzy even after she was put down by Xue Niaoer.
After a cup of tea time have past, the royal doctor who came for the summon shattered their fantasy.
Sent out the doctor, Xue Niaoer sits with her knees clasp in her arms on the noble consort couch, staring out the window absently. Xiao He on the other hand, is fiddling around with things in the palace, in enormous guilt, pondering how to comfort her.
"Xiao He."
Xiao He walked up, "Niang Niang?"
"Have you had your monthly cycle yet?"
Xiao He nodded blankly.
Xue Niaoer takes Xiao He’s hand, "I want to see."
She holds that fair and small hand tightly, and closes her eyes. 
Xiao He’s belly is steaming with warm air, which reminds her of the hot springs Xiao He just mentioned not long ago, where they had fun playing with the water when they are little.
She opens her eyes, but closes them again, unwilling to accept this. 
The hard land covered with a thin layer of ice in winter, being such a harsh contrast with the hot spring.
When Xue Niaoer opens her eyes again, her eyes have swelled with red, crying out with tears, "wu wu ~ there’s no warmth, it hurts, it hurts so much but there is none, wu wu wu ~" 
Although Xue Niaoer had been tortured in every way by the emperor during this recent period of time, she had never cried, what’s the matter?
Xiao He hurriedly embraces her tightly, stroking her back again and agin, comforting her, "There will always be a way, Xiao He is right here, no pain can hurt you anymore."
"Um," She hides in Xiao He's arms, sobbing softly, trying to calm down this unfamiliar emotion.

The next day, the news that Xue Niaoer is not pregnant has spread across the harem in less than half a day, after passing through a few mouths and ears, it then turns into a rumor that the noble consort is infertile.
Being as idle as usual, the concubines quickly seize the opportunity, using whatever reason they can think of, to come and hang out in the Jade Snow Palace, to be entertained by watching her comedown in person.
After all, a sixth-rank official's concubine-birth-daughter, not knowing what bewitched tricks she has used, won her the favor from the emperor, and leapt from the lowest-rank Gui-Ren to the first-rank Gui-Fei in just half a month. 
Now knowing that Xue Niaoer is infertile, all concubines breathe out a sigh of relief.
Being glad that they still have a chance to move into the empress palace.
While the reason why the position of the empress has been vacant until now, was only because of a joke came up by the sovereign, that everyone believe in, 
"Regardless of your status, whoever's the first one that give birth to a son, will be the empress."
Even though most of the concubines that was picked to enter the Palaces are not born of high status, none of them are ordinary. None of the selected-girl, can be described as gentle or unenvious.
Originally, the girl whose first selected from the Xue family was not Xue Niaoer, but the wife-birth elder sister of her.
Later on, after the emperor heard about the big scene Xue Niaoer made when the Xue family want her to enter the Palaces instead, he immediately approved Xue family’s request for changing the selected-girl.
Wang Eunuch had strongly opposed to this decision, believing that this girl will bring misfortune to the emperor. But Chu Han was captivated by Xue Niaoer's beauty at the first sight, and insisted to take her into the harem.

At the end of the day, Xue Niaoer is quite delighted since other concubines tend to avoid being face to face with her in early days, let alone visiting her.
Xiao He was suppressing a whole lot of anger burning in her stomach, masking her face with a superficial-skin-smile, and waiting upon these rare guests. 
Xue Niaoer on the other hand, barely got any of the hidden meanings from these concubines' words, hence she just replied them frankly base on the literal meanings she thought those words were conveying, and had a great time chatting with them. 
In the end, they all seemed like they were choked by steamed bun that left no space for words to jump out of their mouth anymore, so they hastily excused themselves and left.
"Hmph," Xiaohe glaring at their backs, with her hands on her waist.
"What's wrong?"
"Nothing."
Xiao He seems a bit upset today, perhaps she’s too tired. Xue Niaoer thought to herself, if next time someone come to visit again, she would suggest going to that person’s palace instead.

Maybe is the emperor had also heard of Xue Gui-Fei's condition, for the next five days, Wu Xian-Fei took Xue Gui-Fei’s spot, and became the most favored concubine, the central jewel of the harem. She even stopped visiting her friends Mei Chong-Yi and Lu Mei-Ren as often as before.
While other concubines are sighing about how arrogant Xian-Fei has become after winning over the emperor’s favor, Xue Niaoer pays no attention to any of those news from the outside world gotten into her ears through windows, with all her mind submerge in reading...
"Niang Niang, it's almost curfew now, you should get ready to bed," Xiao He sees that Xue Niaoer is ignoring her, so she directly takes away the medical book from Xue Niaoer’s hands.
As she looks up from the book, her eyes immediately links to Xue Niaoer's watery almond-shape eyes, and the sugar powder on the corners of Xue Niaoer’s mouth.
Xiao He ruthlessly looks away and puts out the light of the candle on the desk.
All she knew is to read and stay in her palace all day.
Xiao He rudely but carefully wipes out the sugar on Xue Niaoer's mouth and hands with a handky, speaking in an unarguable tone, "Don't try to play pity with me."
Xue Niaoer's comely eyebrows furrowed into a frown-eight-shape.
Xiao He softens her tone, said, "You can wake up early tomorrow morning and continue to read. I'll prepare some osmanthus cakes for you."
"Okay," Xue Niaoer's facial expression changes as fast as flipping a page, showing a pretty happy smile.
Xiao He pats Xue Niaoer’s head and couldn't help to sigh. She really doesn’t understand what’s so appealing about the human anatomy drawings that made her young lady neglecting sleep and food to study.

A few days later, the news of Huang Jie-Yu's death like a huge stone casting into the lake, breaking the surface of peace inside the Royal Palaces. Then two days after, Wu Xian-Fei died abruptly, pushing the waves stirred up by the stone to billows.
It was said that Xian-Fei had been infected with plague, so even her family was not allowed to mourn her. Her body was put into coffin and sent to bury flat out.
But actually, there wasn’t any pandemic happening in the palaces, and if there was, people who serve in Xian-Fei's palace should be infected as well. Palaces’ servants gossip privately among themselves, and mostly agree that Xian-Fei was hit by karma with her life been taken by Huang Jie-Yu.
Rumors ended up reaching the Queen-Mother's ears. Several palaces’ servants were striked to death with wooden board, thereafter, this incident became a taboo in the palaces.


Chapter 3: Overthrow

This chapter contains explicit content. Author is currently seeking a safe way to release the content, if you have any thoughts, feel free to drop them in the discussion via https://github.com/y-in-gb/open-fiction-access-token/discussions



Chapter 4: Herbal Pill

Sun has rise, reaching the late morning at the time of three bamboo poles, when the knocking sound at the door startle and awake Chu Han.
He been through some struggle to gets up, and notices that his inner top and underwear pants are changed to new ones.
He glances over his surroundings, but there is no one else in the Chamber Palace other than himself. His hand gripping on the bed’s headboard gets so tight that make his knuckles all pale, and his face sullen as his mood have sunk to the bottom of valley.
"Men, come over," his voice is hoarse like an old man at the age of sunset.
Wang Eunuch lightly pushed the door and walking in with dread.
"Send men to lock up the palace and the city’s gates. No one is allowed to go out. For those who disobey, behead them. And, seize Xue Niaoer. Slow slicing it thousand times till it’s dead!" 
After he finished speaking, cough burst out so hard as like it’s about to rip his heart and crack his lungs, making him panting for breath.
Wang Eunuch hurriedly pours a cup of tea and serves it with both hands, "Nu Bi will do as ordered," while sighing bitterly in his heart.
while knowing someone must have started a big trouble
Don’t know what kind of things can happen to make Huang Shang so angry, may be today will need to behead all servants in the palace to appease his anger.
Just when Wang Eunuch is thinking, Chu Han already calls in the guards.
"Strike for eighty board."
Wang Eunuch knows Chu Han’s temper well, didn’t beg for mercy or struggle to free himself from the guards, and got dragged away.  

In the court during these few days, courtiers have been through a hard time when the water suddenly got deep and the fire got heat. Although there were constant behind-the-scenes and subtle operations in the past, the emperor does know the difficulty of changing the people in positions, and never showed signs of taking their lives because of these.
But after the three-day suspension of court sessions, the emperor who is back to the court, seems to have gotten completely mad, left no decency at all.
For those big ministers who cannot be dug down, Chu Han especially targeted the courtiers under their control. Laid out evidences of their crimes, chopping off heads, confiscate their properties, all completed in one go.
The courtiers try not to show how frighten they are. Unknowingly, the emperor has already obtained so many things to trade with them, or take them down. 
This mad emperor now, was no longer the yesterday puppy they can puppet around.

A bounty of ten thousands tael of gold on Xue Niaoer is posted all over the capital and even the towns surrounding it within a thousand miles, but Xue Niaor just disappeared like she has never existed in this world, without any traces.
Chu Han has been muddleheaded these few days, his body occasionally fevered, and feels as if tiny blades are circulating within entire body through his blood once night has come.
The royal doctors are all trembling, taking turns to examine the emperor's pulse but still unable to diagnose what made him sick. The pulse is so strange that they had never seen any pulse like this before, hence no way to prescribe medicine either.
Driving out evil spirits, praying to gods, all methods were tried while Chu Han's condition had not gone a bit better, but become weaker and weaker.
Rumors spread both inside and outside the Royal Palaces, saying that the emperor's time has come. The courtiers worked below him also quicken the process of seeking the next emperor.
Both courtiers and commoners are tacitly repressing this uncanny feelings of, joy.
	
Following with a clang, a dainty porcelain teacup got shattered on the ground. The servants in the palace instantly shut their mouths like cicadas in the late autumn.
"Where is Wang Fu?" Chu Han pressing and rubbing the acupoint at his temple. The murderous aura in his eyes are interspersed with a glimmer of weariness.
"Huang Shang, Wang Chief is still recuperating, Nu Bi am temporarily taking over."
"Hr, why didn’t they just strike Wang Fu to death?" Chu Han glances at the  temporary chief butler groveling and trembling on the floor, "Tell him to come back, Zhen don’t care whether he need to crawl or not. For the one who made the tea today, reward hundred board, if still have breathing after, continue to strike."
The butler repeatedly responding yes, then rolling and crawling out of the palace.
Source GitHub repo: y-in-gb/open-fiction-access-token
As nighttime arrived again, Chu Han tossed and turned in bed until he drank several bowls of sleeping decoction and finally felt a bit of sleepiness at midnight. In a daze, there comes a series of noise from the roof, then he felt something heavy on him.
He forces his eyes open and sees Xue Niaoer dressed in an ink blue night suit. 
He tries to yell, but no words come out. From the side of his sight, he sees the shadow guards been aligned neatly, and lying in a row.
Xue Niaoer takes the chance while Chu Han is still agape, tosses a herbal pill into his mouth, and holds onto his waist to make him sit up. He instinctively tries to spit it out, but his chin gets hold by Xue Niaoer, "Swallow the pill." 
Of course Chu Han won’t do as she said, he grabs Xue Niaoer's forearm with both hands, pulling it down forcibly, and attempting to use his tongue to push out the pill.
But Xue Niaoer unexpectedly approach, and seals his lips with hers, going all the way straight to push the pill into his throat, which swallows this unknown medicine out of instinct.
Xue Niaoer keeps her lips pressing on Chu Han’s, let go of his chin and seizes his hands, nailing them behind his back while her other hand hold-pressing at the back of his neck, making this plunder deepen with the fragrance of herbal medicine.
Chu Han failed to rebel, hatefully bites the invasive tongue, the taste of rust immediately pervade his oral cavity.
Xue Niaoer’s brows slightly frown, but still has no intention to stop. Tongue sweeps over inch by inch, even the teeth that bit her hard are also well taken care. 
In silence, the sound of water rubbing and sticking to each another, lasted on and on, until Chu Han is a bit breathless to finally stop.
He breathes rapidly, the face that had lost the color of blood for several days, is now turning all red as if he had taken in a breath of alive.
A pleased sigh comes out beside ears.
Xue Niaoer releases Chu Han like nothing had happened, using her thumb to wipe out the sliver thread dyed with some red of blood on the corner of Chu Han’s lips, and unbinds the acupoint that muted him.
"Bi Xia, please forgive Chen Qie’s rudeness. Bi Xia’s life was in danger just a moment ago, Chen Qie dare not to take any risks, rush back through night right after the herbal medicine is made," Xue Niaoer returns to the docile look as an emperor’s concubine, attending Chu Han to lay down.
Chu Han only feels drowsy, doesn’t even want to speak a word. He wraps himself tight with the quilt, gripping Xue Niaoer's wrist with one hand, and falls deeply into sleep. Feeling like he’s been soaking in warm water, with no pain, or nightmares.
Xue Niaoer goes along with his move, sneaks into the quilt nest as well, and turns her back to Chu Han.
Over the past three days and nights with no break or sleep of searching medicine herbs and hiding from the bounty hunters, her energy had been exhausted by all the runnings and smokescreens.
However, the loong-eneair she has just inhaled is still bumping around inside her body, making her unable to sleep.
She turns over to lay flat on her back, suddenly remember that she had gone in a haste and forgotten to tell Xiao He about leaving the Palaces that day. 
Xiao He must be worried so bad about me by now, but the night is too late, not a right time to wake her either.
Xue Niaoer knocks her forehead with the back of her hand, feeling sort of chagrined. 
She really didn’t expect that Chu Han's body would be so weak.
The air infused by her that night had condensed into a blob after brewing for a while, then it burst out of Chu Han's air vessel, causing the loong-eneair to dissipate and burning Chu Han's body to a heat that’s even hotter than people with fever. She used up all her methods to barely patch half of the breach and lower down his body heat.
But according to the medical books she had read before, if people have major illness, they need to take herbal medicine to be cured. Unfortunately, during the time when she had nothing to do, she had wandered around the entire Royal Palaces, yet did not sense any dried medicine herbs that can heal her body.
After Chu Han fell asleep again, she stared at his tightly furrowed brows, thought for a moment, and decided to leave the Palaces to find medicine herbs.

Although going out this time was rewarding, she also encountered many troubles. Even though she used smokescreen to screen into an ordinary woman's appearance, she was still being targeted by human traffickers and being tricked to their den outside the city. 
She had no other way but to flip over the den and release all prisoners.
But everyone, including the ones she saved, seemed to be afraid of her.
"Sinister spirit", "Monster", the aversion and fear in their eyes made her feel sad and befogged.
She thought only Chu Han would see her like this.
Chu Han is one of the closest person to her other than Xiao He, also the first one who knows her having such power.
Chu Han's hatred deeply stabbed into her heart. This experience made her understand, that this part of her, is unacceptable to the mortals in this world.
Now she thought to herself and felt the relief, for her subconsciousness does not want to let Xiao He know about her difference, so she has always been hiding it very well.
She will still be the Niaoer that Xiao He’s doting on, the one that Xiao He will never be averse to, or fear of.

After that, Xue Niaoer screened into a young man, carrying the gold hairsticks, which she hastily put in her upper cloth pocket before leaving the Palaces, to buy some food, then use the change return in silver pieces from peddler to inquire info along the way.
The pancake peddler was an old man who had passed the age of fifty. Seeing that naive fellow look of Xue Niaoer, he kindly took her to the pawnshop and helped her to pawn the hairsticks. It was only then that she realized how valuable the hairsticks was.
Thereupon, she insisted on paying half of the silver she gained to the old man as her gratitude. The old man refused for three times, but thinking of his old wife who is staying at home in sick, he finally accepted, and invited her to have a meal in his home.
Two of them hiked over two mountains.
Great-ma glowingly treated Xue Niaoer, cooked a full table of delicious food for her. She gobbled down the food to appease her body that had starved for two days, and sat on a bamboo chair chatting with the two olds.
As a gust of wind blew through, she smelled the medicine herbs that could repair her body are growing right nearby.
Xue Niaoer retasting the flavor of the juicy and tender dumplings, drooling, while her legs running a few steps in the air, turn over to pick the medicine herbs, with her face buried into the pillow, and just fall asleep down like that.

By 崖雁yayan
